Filesystem slide rework (#1002)
google/comprehensive-rust: src/modules/filesystem.md

<details>

> * Before Rust 2018, modules needed to be located at `module/mod.rs` instead of `module.rs`, and this is still a working alternative for current versions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Before Rust 2018, modules needed to be located at `module/mod.rs` instead of `module.rs`, and this is still a working alternative for editions after 2018.
```
